# Ptsv2paymentsMerchantInformationMerchantDescriptor

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **string** | Merchant&#39;s name.  For more details about the merchant-related fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  **Note** For Paymentech processor using Cybersource Payouts, the maximum data length is 22. | [optional] 
**alternateName** | **string** | An alternate name for the merchant.  For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor_alternate&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)--&gt; | [optional] 
**contact** | **string** | For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see &#x60;merchant_descriptor_contact&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)--&gt; Contact information for the merchant.  **Note** These are the maximum data lengths for the following payment processors: - FDCCompass (13) - Paymentech (13) | [optional] 
**address1** | **string** | First line of merchant&#39;s address. For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see &#x60;merchant_descriptor_street&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**locality** | **string** | Merchant&#39;s City.  For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor_city&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Merchant&#39;s country.  For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor_country&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **string** | Merchant&#39;s postal code.  For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor_postal_code&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **string** | The state where the merchant is located.  For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see the &#x60;merchant_descriptor_state&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  Merchant State. For the descriptions, used-by information, data types, and lengths for these fields, see Merchant Descriptors in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


