# Ptsv2paymentsOrderInformationShipTo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**title** | **string** | The title of the person receiving the product. | [optional] 
**firstName** | **string** | First name of the recipient.  #### Litle Maximum length: 25  #### All other processors Maximum length: 60  Optional field. | [optional] 
**middleName** | **string** | Middle name of the recipient.  #### Litle Maximum length: 25  #### All other processors Maximum length: 60  Optional field. | [optional] 
**lastName** | **string** | Last name of the recipient.  #### Litle Maximum length: 25  #### All other processors Maximum length: 60  Optional field. | [optional] 
**address1** | **string** | First line of the shipping address.  Required field for authorization if any shipping address information is included in the request; otherwise, optional.  #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**address2** | **string** | Second line of the shipping address.  Optional field.  #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**locality** | **string** | City of the shipping address.  Required field for authorization if any shipping address information is included in the request and shipping to the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.  #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **string** | State or province of the shipping address. Use the [State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/states_and_provinces.pdf)  Required field for authorization if any shipping address information is included in the request and shipping to the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.  #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **string** | Postal code for the shipping address. The postal code must consist of 5 to 9 digits.  Required field for authorization if any shipping address information is included in the request and shipping to the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.  When the billing country is the U.S., the 9-digit postal code must follow this format: [5 digits][dash][4 digits]  Example 12345-6789  When the billing country is Canada, the 6-digit postal code must follow this format: [alpha][numeric][alpha][space][numeric][alpha][numeric]  Example A1B 2C3  #### American Express Direct Before sending the postal code to the processor, all nonalphanumeric characters are removed and, if the remaining value is longer than nine characters, the value is truncated starting from the right side. #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Country of the shipping address. Use the two-character [ISO Standard Country Codes.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/countries_alpha_list.pdf)  Required field for authorization if any shipping address information is included in the request; otherwise, optional.  #### Tax Calculation Optional field for U.S., Canadian, international tax, and value added taxes. Billing address objects will be used to determine the cardholder’s location when shipTo objects are not present. | [optional] 
**district** | **string** | Neighborhood, community, or region within a city or municipality. | [optional] 
**buildingNumber** | **string** | Building number in the street address. For example, the building number is 187 in the following address:  Rua da Quitanda 187 | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **string** | Phone number associated with the shipping address. | [optional] 
**company** | **string** | Name of the customer’s company.  For processor-specific information, see the company_name field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**destinationTypes** | **string** | Shipping destination of item. Example: Commercial, Residential, Store | [optional] 
**destinationCode** | **int** | Indicates destination chosen for the transaction. Possible values: - 01- Ship to cardholder billing address - 02- Ship to another verified address on file with merchant - 03- Ship to address that is different than billing address - 04- Ship to store (store address should be populated on request) - 05- Digital goods - 06- Travel and event tickets, not shipped - 07- Other | [optional] 
**method** | **string** | Shipping method for the product. Possible values: - lowcost: Lowest-cost service - sameday: Courier or same-day service - oneday: Next-day or overnight service - twoday: Two-day service - threeday: Three-day service - pickup: Store pick-up - other: Other shipping method - none: No shipping method because product is a service or subscription Required for American Express SafeKey (U.S.). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


