# Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **string** | Name of sender.  Funds Disbursement  This value is the name of the originator sending the funds disbursement. | [optional] 
**firstName** | **string** | This field contains the first name of the entity funding the transaction Mandatory for card payments | [optional] 
**lastName** | **string** | This field contains the last name of the entity funding the transaction Mandatory for card payments | [optional] 
**middleName** | **string** | This field contains the  middle name of the entity funding the transaction | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **string** | Sender&#39;s postal code.  For USA, this must be a valid value of 5 digits or 5 digits hyphen 4 digits, for example &#39;63368&#39;, &#39;63368-5555&#39;. For other regions, this can be alphanumeric, length 1-10.  Required for FDCCompass. | [optional] 
**address1** | **string** | Street address of sender.  Funds Disbursement  This value is the address of the originator sending the funds disbursement.  Required for card transactions | [optional] 
**address2** | **string** | Used for additional address information. For example: Attention: Accounts Payable  Optional field. | [optional] 
**locality** | **string** | The sender&#39;s city Mandatory for card payments | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **string** | Sender&#39;s state. Use the State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada.The sender&#39;s province, state or territory. Conditional, required if sender&#39;s country is USA or CAN. Must be uppercase alpha 2 or 3 character country subdivision code.  See https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/states_and_provinces.pdf  Mandatory for card payments | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Sender&#39;s country code. Use ISO Standard Alpha Country Codes.  https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/countries_alpha_list.pdf | [optional] 
**dateOfBirth** | **string** | Sender&#39;s date of birth in YYYYMMDD format. | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **string** | Sender&#39;s phone number. | [optional] 
**paymentInformation** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPaymentInformation**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPaymentInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**referenceNumber** | **string** | Reference number generated by you that uniquely identifies the sender. | [optional] 
**account** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationAccount**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationAccount.md) |  | [optional] 
**personalIdentification** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPersonalIdentification**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPersonalIdentification.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


