# Ptsv2paymentsPaymentInformationCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**number** | **string** | The customer&#39;s payment card number, also known as the Primary Account Number (PAN). You can also use this field for encoded account numbers.  #### FDMS Nashville Required. String (19)  #### GPX Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### All other processors Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting. | [optional] 
**expirationMonth** | **string** | Two-digit month in which the payment card expires.  Format: &#x60;MM&#x60;.  Valid values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;. Leading 0 is required.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (_type_&#x3D;039), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;12&#x60;.  #### FDMS Nashville Required field.  #### All other processors Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response. | [optional] 
**expirationYear** | **string** | Four-digit year in which the payment card expires.  Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60;.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;1900&#x60; through &#x60;3000&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (**_type_**&#x60;&#x3D;039&#x60;), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;2021&#x60;.  #### FDMS Nashville Required field.  #### FDC Nashville Global and FDMS South You can send in 2 digits or 4 digits. If you send in 2 digits, they must be the last 2 digits of the year.  #### All other processors Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response. | [optional] 
**type** | **string** | Three-digit value that indicates the card type.  **IMPORTANT** It is strongly recommended that you include the card type field in request messages even if it is optional for your processor and card type. Omitting the card type can cause the transaction to be processed with the wrong card type.  Possible values: - &#x60;001&#x60;: Visa. Use card type value &#x60;001&#x60; for Visa Electron. - &#x60;002&#x60;: Mastercard, Eurocard[^1], which is a European regional brand of Mastercard. - &#x60;003&#x60;: American Express - &#x60;004&#x60;: Discover - &#x60;005&#x60;: Diners Club - &#x60;006&#x60;: Carte Blanche[^1] - &#x60;007&#x60;: JCB[^1] - &#x60;008&#x60;: Optima - &#x60;009&#x60;: GE Private Label - &#x60;010&#x60;: Beneficial Private Label - &#x60;011&#x60;: Twinpay Credit Card - &#x60;012&#x60;: Twinpay Debit Card - &#x60;013&#x60;: WalMart - &#x60;014&#x60;: Enroute[^1] - &#x60;015&#x60;: Lowe&#39;s Consumer - &#x60;016&#x60;: Home Depot Consumer - &#x60;017&#x60;: MBNA - &#x60;018&#x60;: Dick&#39;s Sportswear - &#x60;019&#x60;: Casual Corner - &#x60;020&#x60;: Sears - &#x60;021&#x60;: JAL[^1] - &#x60;023&#x60;: Disney Card - &#x60;024&#x60;: Maestro (UK Domestic)[^1] - &#x60;025&#x60;: Sam&#39;s Club Consumer - &#x60;026&#x60;: Sam&#39;s Club Business - &#x60;027&#x60;: Nico&#39;s - &#x60;028&#x60;: Paymentech Bill Me Later - &#x60;029&#x60;: Bebe - &#x60;030&#x60;: Restoration Hardware - &#x60;031&#x60;: Delta Online - &#x60;032&#x60;: Solo - &#x60;033&#x60;: Visa Electron[^1]. Do not use this value. Use &#x60;001&#x60; for all Visa card types. - &#x60;034&#x60;: Dankort[^1] - &#x60;035&#x60;: Laser - &#x60;036&#x60;: Cartes Bancaires[^1,4] - &#x60;037&#x60;: Carta Si[^1] - &#x60;038&#x60;: Pinless Debit - &#x60;039&#x60;: Encoded account number[^1] - &#x60;040&#x60;: UATP[^1] - &#x60;041&#x60;: HOUSEHOLD - &#x60;042&#x60;: Maestro (International)[^1] - &#x60;043&#x60;: GE MONEY - &#x60;044&#x60;: Korean Cards - &#x60;045&#x60;: Style Cards - &#x60;046&#x60;: JCrew - &#x60;047&#x60;: Payeasecn eWallet - &#x60;048&#x60;: Payeasecn Bank Transfer - &#x60;049&#x60;: Meijer - &#x60;050&#x60;: Hipercard[^2,3] - &#x60;051&#x60;: Aura - &#x60;052&#x60;: Redecard - &#x60;053&#x60;: Orico card - &#x60;054&#x60;: Elo[^3] - &#x60;055&#x60;: Capitol One Private Label - &#x60;056&#x60;: Carnet - &#x60;057&#x60;: Costco Private Label - &#x60;058&#x60;: Carnet - &#x60;059&#x60;: ValueLink - &#x60;060&#x60;: MADA - &#x60;061&#x60;: RuPay - &#x60;062&#x60;: China UnionPay - &#x60;063&#x60;: Falabella Private Label - &#x60;064&#x60;: Prompt Card - &#x60;065&#x60;: Korean Domestic - &#x60;066&#x60;: Banricompras - &#x60;067&#x60;: MEEZA - &#x60;068&#x60;: PayPak - &#x60;070&#x60;: EFTPOS - &#x60;071&#x60;: Codensa - &#x60;072&#x60;: Olimpica - &#x60;073&#x60;: Colsubsidio - &#x60;074&#x60;: Tuya - &#x60;075&#x60;: Sodexo - &#x60;076&#x60;: Naranja - &#x60;077&#x60;: Cabal - &#x60;078&#x60;: DINELCO - &#x60;079&#x60;: PANAL - &#x60;080&#x60;: EPM - &#x60;081&#x60;: Jaywan  [^1]: For this card type, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in your request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. [^2]: For this card type on Cielo 3.0, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in a request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. This card type is not supported on Cielo 1.5. [^3]: For this card type on Getnet and Rede, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in a request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. [^4]: For this card type, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; in your request for any payer authentication services.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required for Carte Blanche and JCB. Optional for all other card types.  #### Card Present reply This field is included in the reply message when the client software that is installed on the POS terminal uses the token management service (TMS) to retrieve tokenized payment details. You must contact customer support to have your account enabled to receive these fields in the credit reply message.  Returned by the Credit service.  This reply field is only supported by the following processors: - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - OmniPay Direct - SIX  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  #### GPX This field only supports transactions from the following card types: - Visa - Mastercard - AMEX - Discover - Diners - JCB - Union Pay International | [optional] 
**useAs** | **string** | Flag that specifies the type of account associated with the card.  This field is available only for China UnionPay, Cielo, Comercio Latino and Visa Platform Connect. The cardholder provides this information during the payment process.  This field is required for:  - Debit transactions on Cielo and Comercio Latino.  - Transactions with Brazilian-issued cards on CyberSource through VisaNet.  **China UnionPayCard Transactions on China UnionPay:** Possible values:  - C: Domestic credit card  - D: Domestic debit card  - F: International credit card  - I: International debit card  When the value is D, the e-commerce indicator and CAVV fields must be included in the authorization request. When the value is C, F or I the card verification number, expiration month and expiration year fields must in included in the authorization request.  **Cielo and Comercio Latino Credit Card Transactions:** On these processors, this field is supported only for authorizations.  Possible values:  - CR: Credit card  - DB: Debit card       **Visa Platform Connect Credit Card Transactions:** This field is supported for all card types on Visa Platform Connect. For combo **card present** transactions with Mastercard on Brazilian-issued cards, possible values:  - CR: Credit card  - DB: Debit Card  For combo **card not present** transactions with Mastercard on Brazilian-issued cards, possible values:  - C: Credit card  - D: Debit card  A value of CR or DB in the useAs field takes precedence over any value in the Source Account Type field. | [optional] 
**sourceAccountType** | **string** | Flag that specifies the type of account associated with the card.  The cardholder provides this information during the payment process.  This field is required in the following cases:   - Debit transactions on Cielo and Comercio Latino.   - Transactions with Brazilian-issued cards on CyberSource through VisaNet.   - Applicable only for CyberSource through VisaNet (CtV).  **Note** Combo cards in Brazil contain credit and debit functionality in a single card. Visa systems use a credit bank identification number (BIN) for this type of card. Using the BIN to determine whether a card is debit or credit can cause transactions with these cards to be processed incorrectly. CyberSource strongly recommends that you include this field for combo card transactions.  Possible values include the following.   - &#x60;CH&#x60;: Checking account  - &#x60;CR&#x60;: Credit card account  - &#x60;SA&#x60;: Saving account  - &#x60;LI&#x60;: Line of credit or credit portion of combo card  - &#x60;PP&#x60;: Prepaid card account or prepaid portion of combo card  - &#x60;UA&#x60;: Universal account  If useAs is set to credit/debit and there is a value in SourceAccountType, the value in the SourceAccountType field will take precedence. If useAs is set to CR/DB and there is a value in SourceAccountType, the value in the useAs field will take precedence. | [optional] 
**sourceAccountTypeDetails** | **string** | Type of account that is being used when the value for the override_payment_method field is line of credit (LI) or prepaid card (PP). Possible values for line of credit: - &#x60;AGRC&#x60;: Visa Agro Custeio - &#x60;AGRE&#x60;: Visa Agro Electron - &#x60;AGRI&#x60;: Visa Agro Investimento - &#x60;AGRO&#x60;: Visa Agro Possible values for prepaid card: - &#x60;VVA&#x60;: Visa Vale Alimentacao - &#x60;VVF&#x60;: Visa Vale Flex - &#x60;VVR&#x60;: Visa Vale Refeicao This field is supported only for combo card transactions in Brazil on CyberSource through VisaNet. | [optional] 
**securityCode** | **string** | Card Verification Number.  #### FDMS Nashville Required for American Express or if swiped; otherwise, optional.  #### Ingenico ePayments Do not include this field when &#x60;commerceIndicator&#x3D;recurring&#x60;. **Note** Ingenico ePayments was previously called _Global Collect_.  #### TSYS Acquiring Solutions Optional if pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed; otherwise, not used.  #### GPX Optional.  #### All other processors: Optional. | [optional] 
**securityCodeIndicator** | **string** | Indicates whether a CVN code was sent. Possible values:   - &#x60;0&#x60; (default): CVN service not requested. This default value is used when you do not include      &#x60;securityCode&#x60; field in the request.  - &#x60;1&#x60; (default): CVN service requested and supported. This default value is used when you include      &#x60;securityCode&#x60; field in the request.  - &#x60;2&#x60;: CVN on credit card is illegible.  - &#x60;9&#x60;: CVN was not imprinted on credit card.  #### FDMS Nashville Required for American Express cards; otherwise, optional.  #### TSYS Acquiring Solutions Optional if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;; otherwise, not used.  #### All other processors Optional. | [optional] 
**accountEncoderId** | **string** | Identifier for the issuing bank that provided the customer&#39;s encoded account number. Contact your processor for the bank&#39;s ID. | [optional] 
**issueNumber** | **string** | Number of times a Maestro (UK Domestic) card has been issued to the account holder. The card might or might not have an issue number. The number can consist of one or two digits, and the first digit might be a zero. When you include this value in your request, include exactly what is printed on the card. A value of 2 is different than a value of 02. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card.  **Note** The issue number is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions. | [optional] 
**startMonth** | **string** | Month of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: MM&#x60;. Possible values: 01 through 12.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions. | [optional] 
**startYear** | **string** | Year of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: YYYY&#x60;.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions. | [optional] 
**productName** | **string** | Name of the card product.  Possible value: - BNDES  This field is supported only for BNDES transactions on CyberSource through VisaNet.  The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP07 TCR4 - Position: 115-120 - Field: Brazil Country Data | [optional] 
**productSubtype** | **string** | This field would contain the indicator for transaction type  Possible values: - AC: Agriculture Maintenance Account - AE: Agriculture Debit Account/Electron  - AG: Agriculture  - AI: Agriculture Investment Loan - CG: Brazil Cargo - CS: Construction  - DS: Distribution  - HC: Healthcare - LP: Visa Large Purchase Advantage - MA: Visa Mobile Agent - MB: Interoperable Mobile Branchless Banking - MG: Visa Mobile General - VA: Visa Vale - Supermarket - VF: Visa Vale - Fuel - VR: Visa Vale - Restaurant | [optional] 
**typeSelectionIndicator** | **string** | Flag that identifies how the card type was selected.  Possible values: - 0: Card type was selected based on default acquirer settings. - 1: Customer selected the card type. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


