# PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseRiskInformationIpAddress

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**anonymizerStatus** | **string** | Indicates whether the transaction IP address is associated with a known anonymous proxy.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_anonymizer_status&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link). | [optional] 
**locality** | **string** | Name of the city decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_city&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link). | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Name of the country decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_country&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link). | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **string** | Name of the state decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_state&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link). | [optional] 
**routingMethod** | **string** | Routing method decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_routing_method&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link). | [optional] 
**carrier** | **string** | Provides the name of the organization that owns the ASN. The carrier is responsible for the traffic carried on the network or set of networks designated as an Autonomous System (AS) and identified by the ASN. While there are more than 27,000 active ASNs, there are fewer carriers, because a single carrier often manages several ASNs. | [optional] 
**organization** | **string** | The Registering Organization is the entity responsible for the actions and content associated with a given block of IP addresses. This is in contrast to the carrier, which is responsible for the routing of traffic for network blocks. Registering Organizations include many types of entities, including corporate, government, or educational entities, and ISPs managing the allocation and use of network blocks. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


