# Tmsv2TokenizedCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**links** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Tmsv2TokenizedCardLinks**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardLinks.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **string** | The Id of the Tokenized Card. | [optional] 
**object** | **string** | The type. Possible Values: - tokenizedCard | [optional] 
**accountReferenceId** | **string** | An identifier provided by the issuer for the account. | [optional] 
**consumerId** | **string** | Identifier of the consumer within the wallet. Maximum 24 characters for VTS. | [optional] 
**createInstrumentIdentifier** | **bool** | Specifies whether the InstrumentId should be created (true) or not (false). Possible Values: - &#x60;true&#x60;: The InstrumentId should be created. - &#x60;false&#x60;: The InstrumentId should be created. | [optional] 
**source** | **string** | Source of the payment instrument. Possible Values: - ONFILE - TOKEN - ISSUER | [optional] 
**state** | **string** | State of the network token or network token provision. Possible Values:   ACTIVE : Network token is active.   SUSPENDED : Network token is suspended. This state can change back to ACTIVE.   DELETED : This is a final state for a network token instance.   UNPROVISIONED : A previous network token. | [optional] 
**reason** | **string** | Issuers state for the network token Possible Values: - INVALID_REQUEST : The network token provision request contained invalid data. - CARD_VERIFICATION_FAILED : The network token provision request contained data that could not be verified. - CARD_NOT_ELIGIBLE : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - CARD_NOT_ALLOWED : Card can currently not be used with card association for tokenization. - DECLINED : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE : The network token service was unavailable or timed out. - SYSTEM_ERROR : An unexpected error occurred with network token service, check configuration. | [optional] 
**number** | **string** | The token requestor&#39;s network token for the provided PAN and consumer Id, if available. | [optional] 
**cryptogram** | **string** | Value generated by the card association to be used alongside the network token for processing a payment. | [optional] 
**securityCode** | **string** | 4-digit number generated by the card association to be used alogside the network token for processing a payment. Only supported for Amex and SCOF. | [optional] 
**eci** | **string** | Raw Electronic Commerce Indicator provided by the card association with the result of the cardholder authentication. | [optional] 
**requestorId** | **string** | 11-digit identifier that uniquely identifies the Token Requestor. | [optional] 
**enrollmentId** | **string** | Unique id to identify this PAN/ enrollment. | [optional] 
**tokenReferenceId** | **string** | Unique ID for netwrok token. | [optional] 
**paymentAccountReference** | **string** | Payment account reference. | [optional] 
**card** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**passcode** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Tmsv2TokenizedCardPasscode**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardPasscode.md) |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**\CyberSource\Model\Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


