# TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptions

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authType** | **string** | Authorization type. Possible values:   - &#x60;AUTOCAPTURE&#x60;: automatic capture.  - &#x60;STANDARDCAPTURE&#x60;: standard capture.  - &#x60;VERBAL&#x60;: forced capture. Include it in the payment request for a forced capture. Include it in the capture request for a verbal payment.  #### Asia, Middle East, and Africa Gateway; Cielo; Comercio Latino; and CyberSource Latin American Processing Set this field to &#x60;AUTOCAPTURE&#x60; and include it in a bundled request to indicate that you are requesting an automatic capture. If your account is configured to enable automatic captures, set this field to &#x60;STANDARDCAPTURE&#x60; and include it in a standard authorization or bundled request to indicate that you are overriding an automatic capture.  #### Forced Capture Set this field to &#x60;VERBAL&#x60; and include it in the authorization request to indicate that you are performing a forced capture; therefore, you receive the authorization code outside the CyberSource system.  #### Verbal Authorization Set this field to &#x60;VERBAL&#x60; and include it in the capture request to indicate that the request is for a verbal authorization. | [optional] 
**authIndicator** | **string** | Flag that specifies the purpose of the authorization.  Possible values:  - **0**: Preauthorization  - **1**: Final authorization  To set the default for this field, contact CyberSource Customer Support.  #### Barclays and Elavon The default for Barclays and Elavon is 1 (final authorization). To change the default for this field, contact CyberSource Customer Support.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet When the value for this field is 0, it corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file:  - Record: CP01 TCR0  - Position: 164  - Field: Additional Authorization Indicators When the value for this field is 1, it does not correspond to any data in the TC 33 capture file. | [optional] 
**extendAuthIndicator** | **string** | Flag that indicates whether the transaction is an extended authorization. | [optional] 
**cardVerificationIndicator** | **bool** | This API field will indicate whether a card verification check is being performed during the transaction  Possible values:   - &#x60;true&#x60;   - &#x60;false&#x60; (default value) | [optional] 
**initiator** | [**\CyberSource\Model\TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptionsInitiator**](TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptionsInitiator.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


