# TssV2TransactionsPost201ResponseEmbeddedProcessingInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**paymentSolution** | **string** | Type of digital payment solution for the transaction. Possible Values:   - &#x60;visacheckout&#x60;: Visa Checkout. This value is required for Visa Checkout transactions. For details, see &#x60;payment_solution&#x60; field description in [Visa Checkout Using the REST API.](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  - &#x60;001&#x60;: Apple Pay.  - &#x60;004&#x60;: Cybersource In-App Solution.  - &#x60;005&#x60;: Masterpass. This value is required for Masterpass transactions on OmniPay Direct.   - &#x60;006&#x60;: Android Pay.  - &#x60;007&#x60;: Chase Pay.  - &#x60;008&#x60;: Samsung Pay.  - &#x60;012&#x60;: Google Pay.  - &#x60;013&#x60;: Cybersource P2PE Decryption  - &#x60;014&#x60;: Mastercard credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;015&#x60;: Visa credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;027&#x60;: Click to Pay. | [optional] 
**businessApplicationId** | **string** | Required for AFT and OCT transactions.  Given below is a list of all the BAI values available. However, the processors may support only few specific BAI values.  - AA : Account-to-account  - BB : Supplier Payments - BI : Bank-Initiated P2P Money Transfer - BP : Non-Card Bill Pay/Bill Pay - CD : Cash Deposit - CP : Credit card Bill Payment - FD : Funds disbursement  - FT : Funds transfer - GD : Government Disbursement - GP : Gambling payout (non-online gambling) - LO : Loyalty credits and rebates - MD : Merchant Settlement - OG : Online Gambling Payout - PD : Payroll and pension disbursement - PP : Person-to-Person or Peer-to-Peer - TU : Top up, prepaid load - WT : Digital wallet | [optional] 
**commerceIndicator** | **string** | Type of transaction. Some payment card companies use this information when determining discount rates.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required payer authentication transactions; otherwise, optional. **Credit** Required for standalone credits on Chase Paymentech solutions; otherwise, optional.  The list of valid values in this field depends on your processor.  #### Ingenico ePayments When you omit this field for Ingenico ePayments, the processor uses the default transaction type they have on file for you instead of the default value   #### Card Present You must set this field to &#x60;retail&#x60;. This field is required for a card-present transaction. Note that this should ONLY be used when the cardholder and card are present at the time of the transaction. For all keyed transactions originated from a POS terminal where the cardholder and card are not present, commerceIndicator should be submitted as \&quot;moto\&quot; | [optional] 
**commerceIndicatorLabel** | **string** | Type of transaction. Some payment card companies use this information when determining discount rates.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required payer authentication transactions; otherwise, optional. **Credit** Required for standalone credits on Chase Paymentech solutions; otherwise, optional.  The list of valid values in this field depends on your processor.  #### Ingenico ePayments When you omit this field for Ingenico ePayments, the processor uses the default transaction type they have on file for you instead of the default value   #### Card Present You must set this field to &#x60;retail&#x60;. This field is required for a card-present transaction. Note that this should ONLY be used when the cardholder and card are present at the time of the transaction. For all keyed transactions originated from a POS terminal where the cardholder and card are not present, commerceIndicator should be submitted as &#x60;moto&#x60; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


