# Upv1capturecontextsCaptureMandate

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**billingType** | **string** | Configure Unified Checkout to capture billing address information.  Possible values: - FULL: Capture complete billing address information. - PARTIAL: Capture first name, last name, country and postal/zip code only. - NONE: Capture only first name and last name. | [optional] 
**requestEmail** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to capture customer email address.  Possible values:  - True  - False | [optional] 
**requestPhone** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to capture customer phone number.  Possible values: - True - False | [optional] 
**requestShipping** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to capture customer shipping details.  Possible values: - True - False | [optional] 
**shipToCountries** | **string[]** | List of countries available to ship to.   Use the two-character ISO Standard Country Codes. | [optional] 
**showAcceptedNetworkIcons** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to display the list of accepted card networks beneath the payment button  Possible values: - True - False | [optional] 
**requestSaveCard** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to display the \&quot;Save card for future use\&quot; checkbox.&lt;br&gt;  Configurable check box that will show in a Manual card entry flow to allow a Cardholder to give consent to store their manually entered credential with the Merchant that they are paying.&lt;br&gt;  Applicable when manually entering the details and not enrolling in Click to Pay.  Possible values:  - True   - False&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  **Use Cases:**  **Offer consumers option to save their card in Unified Checkout:**  - Include the captureMandate.requestSaveCard field in the capture context request and set it to true. - When set to true, this will show a checkbox with the message &#39;Save card for future use&#39; in Unified Checkout. - When selected this provides a response in both the Transient Token and Get Credentials API response.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  **Do not offer consumers the option to save their card in Unified Checkout:**  - Include the captureMandate.requestSaveCard field in the capture context request and set it to false OR omit the field from the capture context request. - When set to false, the save card option is not shown to consumers when manually entering card details. | [optional] 
**comboCard** | **bool** | Configure Unified Checkout to display combo card at checkout.&lt;br&gt;  A combo debit/credit card is a single card that functions both as a Debit/Credit card.  Unified Checkout / Click to Pay Drop-in UI allows the Cardholder to choose whether they would like the transaction to be paid for using either debit or credit card. **Important:** This is applicable to Visa cards only.  Possible values: - True  - False&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  **Use Cases:**  **Offer Combo Card at Checkout:**  - Include the captureMandate.comboCard field in the capture context request and set it to true. - When set to true, Combo Card selection is shown at checkout &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  **Do not offer Combo Card at Checkout:**  - Include the captureMandate.comboCard field in the capture context request and set it to false OR omit the field from the capture context request. - The Combo Card selection is not shown at checkout. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


