# V2paymentsOrderInformationBillTo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**firstName** | **string** | Customer’s first name. This name must be the same as the name on the card.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_firstname field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**lastName** | **string** | Customer’s last name. This name must be the same as the name on the card.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_lastname field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**middleName** | **string** | Customer’s middle name. | [optional] 
**nameSuffix** | **string** | Customer’s name suffix. | [optional] 
**title** | **string** | Title. | [optional] 
**company** | **string** | Name of the customer’s company.  For processor-specific information, see the company_name field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**address1** | **string** | First line of the billing street address as it appears on the credit card issuer’s records.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_address1 field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**address2** | **string** | Additional address information.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_address2 field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**locality** | **string** | City of the billing address.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_city field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **string** | State or province of the billing address. Use the State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_state field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **string** | Postal code for the billing address. The postal code must consist of 5 to 9 digits.  When the billing country is the U.S., the 9-digit postal code must follow this format: [5 digits][dash][4 digits]  Example 12345-6789  When the billing country is Canada, the 6-digit postal code must follow this format: [alpha][numeric][alpha][space][numeric][alpha][numeric]  Example A1B 2C3  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_zip field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Country of the billing address. Use the two-character ISO Standard Country Codes.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_country field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**district** | **string** | Customer’s neighborhood, community, or region (a barrio in Brazil) within the city or municipality. This field is available only on **Cielo**. | [optional] 
**buildingNumber** | **string** | Building number in the street address.  This field is supported only for:  - Cielo transactions.  - Redecard customer validation with CyberSource Latin American Processing. | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | Customer&#39;s email address, including the full domain name.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_email field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **string** | Customer’s phone number.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  CyberSource recommends that you include the country code when the order is from outside the U.S.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_phone field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html) | [optional] 
**phoneType** | **string** | Customer&#39;s phone number type.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  Possible Values -  * day * home * night * work | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


